README.md, before:

    Client/Server application - PostgreSQL version.

    It is a simple client server application.
    The app uses JSON to send commands and server responses.

    In this version, only one user can connect to the server at a time.

    On the user side, a graphical user interface based on the Curses module was created, which simulates the behavior of old terminals.

    The user must log in to use the connection. The server checks if the user exists in the database and if he is not locked out. 
    If these conditions are met, the user is logged in. As you enter your password, it is masked with asterisks.

    From the GUI, the user can check the contents of his mailbox, read the message, delete the message and send the message to another user.

    There can be a maximum of 5 messages in the inbox. If someone sends a message and it turns out that the recipient's inbox is full, 
    they will receive a message about it and the message will not be sent.

    When writing a message, the number of characters that have already been used is shown on the fly. 
    The message cannot be longer than 250 characters. After reaching this value, it is not possible to continue writing messages.
    Then shorten the message to the required number of characters.
    When editing a message, you can navigate through its content and use the LEFT/RIGHT cursor keys to use the BACKSPACE and DELETE keys.

    If the User has administrator rights, he can also create a new account, delete an existing one, 
    change the status of another user (active or blocked), he can also change user rights (admin or user).

    Run server.py and run main_gui.py.
    Data to login (for test only):
    username = marcin
    password = 12345


    Below is a complete list of commands that can be used depending on your permissions (admin/user).    

    Command to use:
        - as user and admin:
            uptime - returns the server's live time
            info -  returns the version number of the server and the date it was created
            help - returns the list of available commands with short description
            logout - to log out the User
            clear - to clear the screen
            msg-list - to show content of inbox
            msg-del [number of message] - to delete selected message
            msg-snd - to create and send message
            msg-show [number of message] - to show details of message (from, date, content)
        - as admin only:
            stop - stops both the server and the client
            user-add - create an account
            user-show - shows the list of existing accounts
            user-del [username] - deletes the selected account
            user-perm [username] [permission] - change permissions [user] or [admin]
            user-stat [username] [status] - change user status [active] or [banned]
            user-info [username] - to show information about account of selected user

    - v 0.2.1 Added password hashing and salting
    - v 0.2.0 Added support for PostgreSQL databases. Bye, bye JSON format database ;)

    - v 0.1.8 Improved command handling after server connection is lost and re-established
              New functionality added - user-info, to show information 
              about account of selected user

    - v 0.1.7 Implementation of message management
               - show list of messages in box
               - deleting a message
               - writing a message
               - sending a message
               - show selected message

    - v 0.1.6 Implementation of user management
              - creating a new account (new user)
              - deleting account
              - change permissions
              - change user status, active or banned

    - v 0.1.5 Next GUI implementation:
            - added log out command to menu
            - added clear command to menu
            - some fixes in GUI after log out

    - v 0.1.4 Next GUI implementation:
            - added log out command to menu
            - added clear command to menu
            - some fixes in GUI after log out

    - v 0.1.3 Next GUI implementation:
            - added login window

    - v 0.1.2 Next GUI implementation:
            - added login window

    - v 0.1.1 First GUI implementation (Curses)

    - V 0.1.0 First init version with basic commends:
            - uptime - returns the server's live time,
            - info - returns the version number of the server and the date it was created,
            - help - returns the list of available commands with short description,
            - stop - stops both the server and the client

Commit message:

Due to password hashing, access to them is made very difficult (if not impossible). It has become necessary to introduce the possibility of resetting the password. Work on this solution is ongoing. Window to change password works good. Next todo: update database

README.md, after:

    Client/Server application - PostgreSQL version.

    It is a simple client server application.
    The app uses JSON to send commands and server responses.

    In this version, only one user can connect to the server at a time.

    On the user side, a graphical user interface based on the Curses module was created, which simulates the behavior of old terminals.

    The user must log in to use the connection. The server checks if the user exists in the database and if he is not locked out. 
    If these conditions are met, the user is logged in. As you enter your password, it is masked with asterisks.

    From the GUI, the user can check the contents of his mailbox, read the message, delete the message and send the message to another user.

    There can be a maximum of 5 messages in the inbox. If someone sends a message and it turns out that the recipient's inbox is full, 
    they will receive a message about it and the message will not be sent.

    When writing a message, the number of characters that have already been used is shown on the fly. 
    The message cannot be longer than 250 characters. After reaching this value, it is not possible to continue writing messages.
    Then shorten the message to the required number of characters.
    When editing a message, you can navigate through its content and use the LEFT/RIGHT cursor keys to use the BACKSPACE and DELETE keys.

    If the User has administrator rights, he can also create a new account, delete an existing one, 
    change the status of another user (active or blocked), he can also change user rights (admin or user).

    Run server.py and run main_gui.py.
    Data to login (for test only):
    username = marcin
    password = 12345


    Below is a complete list of commands that can be used depending on your permissions (admin/user).    

    Command to use:
        - as user and admin:
            uptime - returns the server's live time
            info -  returns the version number of the server and the date it was created
            help - returns the list of available commands with short description
            logout - to log out the User
            clear - to clear the screen
            msg-list - to show content of inbox
            msg-del [number of message] - to delete selected message
            msg-snd - to create and send message
            msg-show [number of message] - to show details of message (from, date, content)
        - as admin only:
            stop - stops both the server and the client
            user-add - create an account
            user-show - shows the list of existing accounts
            user-del [username] - deletes the selected account
            user-perm [username] [permission] - change permissions [user] or [admin]
            user-stat [username] [status] - change user status [active] or [banned]
            user-info [username] - to show information about account of selected user
            user-pass - to change password

    - v 0.2.2 Added possibility to change password
    - v 0.2.1 Added password hashing and salting
    - v 0.2.0 Added support for PostgreSQL databases. Bye, bye JSON format database ;)

    - v 0.1.8 Improved command handling after server connection is lost and re-established
              New functionality added - user-info, to show information 
              about account of selected user

    - v 0.1.7 Implementation of message management
               - show list of messages in box
               - deleting a message
               - writing a message
               - sending a message
               - show selected message

    - v 0.1.6 Implementation of user management
              - creating a new account (new user)
              - deleting account
              - change permissions
              - change user status, active or banned

    - v 0.1.5 Next GUI implementation:
            - added log out command to menu
            - added clear command to menu
            - some fixes in GUI after log out

    - v 0.1.4 Next GUI implementation:
            - added log out command to menu
            - added clear command to menu
            - some fixes in GUI after log out

    - v 0.1.3 Next GUI implementation:
            - added login window

    - v 0.1.2 Next GUI implementation:
            - added login window

    - v 0.1.1 First GUI implementation (Curses)

    - V 0.1.0 First init version with basic commends:
            - uptime - returns the server's live time,
            - info - returns the version number of the server and the date it was created,
            - help - returns the list of available commands with short description,
            - stop - stops both the server and the client
